[Music]
hello and what's up rby Pokemon
challenges fam how you guys doing this
is a quick little test screen but we're
doing something very special here today
a normal dragon dragon now this has been
a big request in the comments from a lot
of people as I've started doing these
type change runs a lot of people were
like well if you're going to give the
dragon type to all these other Pokémon
why not give the normal type to
Dragonite now at first this might be
like what why would you ever want to do
that there's actually a pretty good
reason we can start off by looking at
our base stats where we've got the
second rank in generation one with 500
total base stats with that massive 134
attack stat everything else is nothing
to slou chat except for the fact that we
have kind of low speed and we're in the
slow level up group but the real issue
that Dragonite has in gen one is the
fact that there are no damaging Dragon
moves other than Dragon Rage which only
does 40 fixed damage and it's not even
learned until Level 45 by this Pokémon
everything else that we learn by a level
up if it does damage is a normal type
move and when we look at the TM learn
set it's more of the same all of the
damage feeling moves that it learns that
are physical are all normal type it
doesn't get like earthquake rock slide
anything it's just a bunch of special
moves and then normal moves so it kind
of makes sense that if we give this
Pokemon access to a same type attack
bonus in its normal moves it should be a
lot stronger the question is does that
actually work out and how much easier
will this run be well let's get into it
and find
out so what's up guys how are you guys
doing like I said this is a test stream
I have tried to stream with the new
overlay and I've had some issues the bit
rate and whatnot I have to get kind of
dialed in so I'm I'm pretty sure that
YouTube's going to like yell at me
periodically you need a higher bid rate
yeah the stream's current bit rate is
lower than the recommended bit rate I'm
sorry it's because my internet here in
Japan
sucks but if we can get something that
is at least viewable without dropping a
ton of frames I'm basically fine with
that like the last run I tried to do it
literally dropped 100% of the frames and
then the one that I had done before that
dropped like 25% of the frames so
clearly not very good so let's just go
ahead and see how this goes if it's good
I'm going to post it up for channel
members if it's bad then uh you know we
just disappear into the abyss no more
Dragonite no more normal Dragonite so uh
yeah anyway let's get into this I am
recording at the same time so I won't
lose anything if the stream just sucks
then I'll just post the video you know
it it all works out so here we go it is
time to
try our normal
Dragonite let's see is my battery going
out I don't think it is I hope not okay
but here we go we can start the game
we've already got our name we've got our
Pokémon's name rival's name they're all
in here and you guys got to let me know
so I'm considering for the next
one that this one is
dorm you know he's a normal Dragonite
dorm but then we're going to come back
and we're going to do another run
possibly with a dragon Venusaur people
have been requesting it it's kind of a
dinosaur I guess it makes sense let's
just get a grass Dragon I know they made
like exeggutor grass Dragon later on but
come on come
on has nothing nothing on this one dorm
look at the legend he comes in with
starting stats 25 HP 18 attack 15
defense 13 speed 15 special we've got
the starting move set of rap leer
agility and Thunder Wave this is going
to be interesting guys let me just make
make sure that the zero DVS are actually
in yes yes yes yes very good so we've
got everything that we need and now
let's just try
this and I'm just going to peek over
periodically at the bit rate frame rate
just make sure that everything looks
good oh no yeah we are out of battery on
this uh controller here so there may be
some glitches and whatnot due to the
controller sorry
guys I you deserved better than this I
should have charged this overnight
rip okay so here we go let's get into
the challenge proper where we're going
to fight rival number one his name is of
course rival
one but here's what we're going to do
we're just going to spam WP but WAP is
now a same type attack move so it's
going to do a lot more damage so it just
easily gets through there like think
about gen one competitive Dragonite
where it basically spams the agility and
WP right and if it had agility and wrap
and stab hyperbeam and just a coverage
move like blizzard or
Thunderbolt imagine how op that would be
in gen one competitive I mean it would
have to be blizzard I think because
really you'd be trying to wall it with
the Rocks so you'd be trying to wall it
with h say a Ryon okay we just blizzard
the ride on right and everything else it
just sets up agility then goes for wrap
strats and then just finishes them off
with the hyperbeam ko. with that massive
134 attack stat and given that it's
Dragon normal I mean you could use
fighting moves against it you could use
ice moves against it but if it outspeeds
like what are you going to do it would
just be completely broken I think this
is amazing somebody need needs to make a
competitive mod for these Pokemon or we
just need to do some sort of Link battle
or something or I have to figure out how
to get Pokemon stated to allow me to
change Pokemon's typings I don't know
I'm I'm going to play with that that
would be hilarious to do a Pokemon
Stadium playthrough using only these
type change Pokemon that would be
ridiculous all right so here we have
made it to the bug catcher where we're
just going to keep
rapping and oh he's faster than me well
not
anymore so now we can just Spam rap yes
rap isn't perfectly accurate or anything
but we're going to win this one every
single time get to level six right there
and let's just go straight on up to
Brock we're just going to try to beat
him on minimum battles especially
because we should already outspeed we
can use some lers if we want to and uh
yeah we've got stab so it's probably
going to do still like one damage but
let's find out so here we go brocky boy
attempt number
one oh look at this guy we're going to
wrap up his rocks
wrap him up
buddy oh this is
stupid okay so here attempt number one
I'm going to just go straight into the
wrap here and let's just see we did one
damage so we need to deal 29 Points of
damage here and we are underleveled and
he only uses tackle in Pokemon yellow so
I think the best strategy is just to go
for the wraps here and just hope to get
the ranges that we need
you know because if he can't move we
will eventually
win it's just a matter of Landing enough
wraps there we go so we get through the
Geodude we level up to level seven I'm
going to use agility right here so that
we outspeed and now we're going to wrap
him and we're just going to keep
wrapping and just hope that we get
enough damage if he goes for B at any
point like if we miss and he goes for B
we could get through this oh we've run
out of pp okay okay so let's try this
again so we might need to use some Lear
here let's see if lears actually help us
do more damage so I'm going to set up a
Lear
first and we are still doing one damage
here so just a single defense drop does
not change the damage here let's try two
lers still doing one damage per
hit
okay let's L him a third
time still one damage per
hit it's Le a fourth
time still one damage per hit so there's
nothing that we can do to get more
damage per hit with the wp by using Le
really on this Geodude because if we go
for more than that we're just going to
get wrecked anyway so this is clearly a
spot where we just need the rap to hit
more times that's it that's all we can
really
do you know like rap can hit between two
and five times when it does hit we can
also get Critical Hits though I'm not
sure they do anything for us here but
you know like we just need to have
enough W PP left when we get to the Onyx
okay so here against Sonics I'm first
going to use agility he used B and now
that lets us set up some some free
L but I'm going to go kind of hard on
the Lear here so two more Lear will get
him to minus 6 and at that point that is
the best that we can do and we are doing
two damage per hit now to the Onyx with
our wrap not sure if we needed all six
but now it's just a matter of getting
the ranges both between hits and getting
it to hit enough times when it does
hit let's see we've got him all the way
down to 7
HP come on yes yes there we go so the
second attempt we get through brocky boy
it was super tedious but on minimum
battles we are still progressing with
our Dragonite oh this is perfect perfect
I
say so now we're just going to go heal
up you know I'm the game counts an
optional battle sorry the overlay counts
an optional battle I've mentioned this
before it has to do with when I reface
the same trainer so so I'm just going to
take a reset there in order to get
everything set
right so here let's go ahead and fight
this guy we can now just come over here
and start wrapping up some bug catchers
where this should be very very easy I
think so we're just going to kind of
just keep wrapping wrapping we don't
have any other damaging moves for quite
a while but we have to kind of keep wrap
on the move set like you might think
that it's not really that great but
when I did the normal Dragonite run I
found that rap was important when we got
to the late game like we actually needed
Wap in order to beat the game
consistently at the end and it all comes
down to there are certain trainers where
the best strategy without leveling up a
bunch is to use the WAP to get them into
a range and then just simply knocked
them out from
there so here let's come fight this
lassy lass we still have have plenty of
wraps in the bag so we should be fine
nice look at that we're doing a lot of
damage with wrap though this is kind of
impressive when you're Landing just one
WP and you're still knocking out
opponents we're going to be safe though
because the next opponent does have a
Metapod we don't necessarily want to
have to waste all our PP and go into
struggle if he does get the you know
defense Buffs and we we don't get our
you know set up all that stuff so here
let's try this guy and uh nice we're
just going to wrap him down oh yeah get
wrapped buddy and here for your Metapod
oh look at this we're destroying the
meta
guys oh gen one meta destroyed yes so
here we go we can now make our way into
Mount Moon and here's the thing I'm
going to be a little bit liberal about
learning TMS here like I know I know but
this is a spot where where just having
one coverage move in order to take out
the opponents that have uh you know a
rock type move or a rock type Pokemon
rip is kind of useful basically just
having a move like water gun later on
Bubble beam in order to just knock those
ones out will make this run quite a bit
faster now I don't remember if we even
learn Mega Punch do we learn Mega
Punch no we do not okay
didn't need to go downstairs but there
we go we have gotten through this
section and let's just move on but yeah
I mean that's basically the only
weakness of this Pokemon at this point
is just that it doesn't have any strong
moves it's just stuck using rap over and
over again but here let's fight this
super D and we're just going to
introduce him to the powers of our WP
but here I'm actually going to go
agility first cuz we get badge boosts in
attack here he disables agility good job
buddy and now we can just start wrapping
his grimer very nice and we're already
sped up so we can just wrap here on his
volt orb very nice and coughing get
wrapped
buddy now if we get him to low Health
we'll just hit him oh yeah so rap just
did the job but if we get something to
low Health we can just go for the water
gun since we do have decent special as
well
so here it's time for Jesse and James
where I think the strategy is pretty
simple we're just going to wrap his WP
their ekin
yes so there we go Meowth comes out oh
Meowth is faster so this might be an
agility spot oh but we just knock it out
very good so here now we're just going
to wrap on the coughing if it gets to a
low HP range then we will just finish it
off but there we go no problem Jesse and
and James joke so really we've only had
a reset on Brock and that's it
everything else super super easy up to
this point because we're just rapping
guys and in fact we should be fine
against misty here because she's not
going to want to use her water type
moves against a Dragonite because Dragon
resists water so we should have an
advantage here let's just see if we go
into our gym so I'm going to set up
agility first and now we're just going
to start happen on the goldine you know
what's goldine going to do just get
wrapped oh that's stupid oh and we have
access to the agility now you might be
wondering why did you forget Thunder
Wave why did you keep Lear I think Lear
will be more useful than thunderwave
Thunder Wave is a TM anyway we could
always just relearn it but here let's
try Misty round one let's just see how
she
goes so uh yeah we're going to we're
going to just come in here and start
rapping and Misty's just going to be
like oh yeah that's the best rapper I've
ever seen let's find out if she actually
likes rap or
not here we go so first things first I'm
going to set up agility right here a
couple times let's just make sure that
we
outspeed and then here we can go into
the wraps yes I know she used an X
defend I don't think it actually matters
oh there we go so we level up to level
15 and we are faster than star me she
can X defend while she's being wrapped
oh yeah look at that but outside of that
we should have the advantage because
she's only going to use tackle and
Harden against us because of the fact
that we resist water so we are going to
beat misty here on the first attempt
super easily Misty Get
Wrecked oh this is stupid so we are we
are just wrapping better than anyone has
wrapped before you know we are we are
the best rapper that ever was guys so
here we go let's get into this fight now
against rival 2 let's see how he
goes so first things first he's got the
Spearow I'm going to agility wants to
outspeed it and now we're just going to
wrap it down look at the three hitter
there this is where the water gun comes
in because wrap is very inaccurate we
didn't want that sand attack Rip but we
do hit the wrap on the ratas so it goes
down oh and we're wrapping Eevee yes yes
you can't stop me from wrapping rival 2
oh
no and his name is dra frog because
people want the Venusaur Dragon run
let's see how that goes but uh will we
have a dra frog run I don't
know anyway let's make our way up north
where we can now just start beating up
on all these trainers and you might be
saying well it's probably faster to just
use water gun and you would probably be
right but this is too much fun for me to
just sit here and just Spam rap and win
everything is kind of hilarious so yeah
let's just do this people I know hate
rap strats I'm going to do a Mew that
only knows wrapping Moves In order to
beat the game I have the plan guys we're
going to have fire spin clamp bind and
wrap as the move set and we're going to
compare it to the Mew that only uses two
turn moves so that Mew is going to know
like skull Bash razor wind uh what else
does it get uh solar beam there was one
more move what am I thinking of what am
I thinking of what move what other move
did I have on there Sky attack Sky
attack that's right I decided not to use
it with fly or dig because those moves
make you invulnerable for a turn and
that kind of defeats the point we want
to use the two turn moves that expose it
to damage which I think will be super
interesting but I don't know what do you
think guys would would it be faster to
beat the game with only rapping moves or
with two turn moves keeping in mind that
the two turn moves expose you to damage
when you use them I personally think
that it might be closer than people
think like a lot of people think oh rap
strats they're super slow they are super
slow but when you have a situation where
you have to get hit by your opponent
turn one and especially when you get
later in the game where every opponent
can hit you and knock you out
potentially oh it becomes terrible guys
unless you're going to massively
overlevel in which case that takes more
time so you know it's kind of you know
one or the other I guess so here we're
just going to wrap Mr Joy me still
haven't fixed that oh god oh I need to
look at that in the
mapper okay but here we go we have
progressed we're going to come fight
this Onyx trainer and we're just going
to make him super fast by just water
gunning him and just get having him get
wrecked look at that so very nice we
have progressed we're going to save the
game now let's come fight neita Rand
girl we're just making smooth smooth
progress through this entire section oh
except we need to turn off set or turn
on set battle mode oh rip rip arino the
run is dead guys the game asked us if we
should send out Charmander come on so
here we go we're going to just wrap this
ratata just keep wrapping on ekin look
at these like three hit K here with wrap
this is stupid like usually you got to
keep in mind it should take a lot more
turns to knock these opponents out they
should have more opportunities to hit us
nope we're just like one RP dead oh oh
no Pidgey Pidgey got the sand attack
we're going to die now maybe if absorb
did more than like one damage to us we
might die oh look look at the easy
win we're just too op clearly this is
why they didn't give it the normal type
it would be way too strong are you
kidding me oh
man so here we have made it to Billy
boy's house we have saved him he's for
once questioning what the heck we're
doing usually we're sitting here like
Billy what have you been doing in Mom's
house but not this time he's like dude
what the heck are you doing out there
here we go let's go ahead and take on
this drowsy oh and we're going to run
out of rap PP no no we can no longer rap
oh man G to the G
guys but he's just trying to pound us
and there we go we water gun him down
we're going to avoid learning bubble
Beam at this point because I think the
next move we actually want to learn is
like Ice Beam but I don't know bubble
beam could be the play surf could be the
play just because we really just want a
coverage move for rock and ground types
basically we just need one coverage move
that will take those Pokemon out and
there aren't really that many of them in
the late game are there I mean Bruno but
I mean Bruno's Bruno so ice beam's
probably
fine Ice Beam or blizzard anyway here we
are against this Pidgey where we're just
going to uh rap and let's keep rapping
yes and keep wrapping she sand attacked
us it does not matter we easily win
let's come fight this guy the guy next
to Pidgey girl now that's his actual
name in the overlay guy next to Pidgey
girl he gets no respect whatsoever oh
because he just gets wrecked like that
every single time Pidgey girl has
actually defeated me a lot of times in
Solo challenges I don't think that guy
has ever done anything
basically but here we go we can get the
max potion we can get the ether you
should be yelling at me to get body slam
well well I mean we've gotten Body Slam
in other runs but I'm not going to get
it here I don't think we need it we're
going to get hyperbeam later on Via
level up anyway or we can learn it via
TM I think this is fine guys we're going
to skip the extra rare candy too we're
going to stay on minimum battles as long
as we can in this one this is the first
test I I'll come back I'll optimize
things I might come back and say you
know what I really did need body slam
body slam was the play maybe or I might
just come back and say yeah was useless
so here we're going to wrap the sandrew
and now we can finish it off with a
water gun when it's on low Health just
because that's a more accurate move and
now here for the Eevee Get
Wrecked oh this is stupid so we're going
to come rub a old man's back and just be
like yes yes yes we know we
know so we'll teach dig to Charmander
and let's go ahead and teach
hm1 the Charmander yes yes you want to
learn this move
perfect so now he can cut and dig he can
do his job the whole reason we got that
Charmander from that neglectful
neglectful
trainer kind of trainer just gives up
their Charmander come
on so I'm going to be assessing like
whether the video quality is at least
good enough to use
in videos going forward I'm not sure if
it will be or not but you know we we'll
just kind of look at everything because
I'd love to do live streams I really
would especially for channel members
just some special you know extra content
live streams I think it's a great way to
go but also mixing them in for the main
channel here and there I think is very
useful I also want to do some live
streams over on GSC Pokemon challenges
because there are some cases where it
might be good to just you know for
example scouting out the next section or
something like that do it on a live
stream and then we can all talk together
about how we're going to progress in the
next section I can get direct feedback
and ideas I think it's a good way to go
anyway we've made it to Lieutenant Serge
let's just beat this guy oh Lieutenant
Serge he thinks oh my Raichu will
totally defeat you well not if it gets
wrapped oh we're going to go for the
agility he's going to go X speed we're
going to go agility let's
go oh sorry controller came unplugged
there it is so here we go agility turn
one and now let's start wrapping
yes oh he's faster after the
xeed and we get wrecked by a critical
hit okay so we need two agilities here
is the end answer we need two two
agilities so we're guaranteed to out
speed no matter what so he xeds turn one
he's Thunderbolts good job and now we're
going to start wrapping yes yes you can
do nothing now oh get wrapped so there's
what we learned we learned we need two
agilities against Lieutenant surge just
because he can xeed but after that it's
a guaranteed Victory so uh easy
game so let's just get the bike voucher
we're going to head back to S City and
okay we've we've got like it shows an
optional battle sorry that's yet again
because we just fought Lieutenant surge
twice I still am working on the battles
counter here how to get it to work
properly obviously there's a logic error
here oh and I healed and they're in
Vermilion rip this is fine this is all
fine nobody cares this isn't a true
speedrun this is only a first attempt
guys come on come on nobody nobody needs
to get up set that we we lost like
literal seconds there everybody's like
I'm never watching your channel
again can't even route
properly I mean it it is a fair
criticism I basically can't route
properly but you
know I'll I'll take it I'll take it so
here let's uh go ahead and
get wait a second did I get the bike
voucher oh rip we got no bike
voucher I had the bike voucher see see
speedrun dead worst speedrunner in
history clearly so we're just going to
run back down south let's get that bike
voucher this time I must have just
pressed the wrong buttons when I was in
there I kind of autopilot this part like
I don't really care that much as a kid I
never used the bicycle I only got the
bicycle to use cycling Road otherwise I
just never used the bicycle because I
thought it was kind of worthless you
know I mean I can I can walk who needs a
bike needs a bike come
on it's it's actually true of me in real
life like I cycle to work but I hate
cycling so much I would rather just walk
I would rather walk an hour to get to
work than to cycle for 20 minutes to get
to work you know I'm just saying that's
that's me personally you you guys you
know can be like he hates
bikes anyway here we go it's time for
the wrapping laugh let's go
so here on the wrapping last we're going
to out wrap the wrapping glass that is
the game plan look at that here as long
as we don't get paralyzed I think we're
just golden and look at these like three
to four hit Kos here with WP it's just
way too strong guys oh look at that oh
the rapping glass she'll never WAP
again not after meeting this Dragonite
now we can uh just go wrap here on this
Caterpie and this this is kind of stupid
oh this is just stupid stupid oh I'm
having too much
fun this is the problem sometimes I'm
just having too much fun and uh people
will rightfully comment on this strategy
but you just have to back up sometimes
and realize that something is so stupid
that we just have to do it okay we just
have to do
it here we go let's fight against this
trainer right here where I think water
gun is the play on the cub it's going to
be like a two hit ko. here we can be hit
by ground type moves but now for
Slowpoke I think we just start rapping
guys just start wrapping her up oh yeah
wrapping him up I don't I don't know
still not sure on the gender of the
pokemaniacs don't really care you know
be who you want to be guys be who you
want to be you
know so here we can just heal up let's
save the game and let's fight this next
pokem Mania where we're just going to
give it more of the
WPS this is just god tier rapping right
here very nice get to level 24 let's
save the game let's come into the grassl
right
here and here we can just basically wrap
wrap all day wrap all
night you know this rap is out of
sight oh no we're we're like missing
there we go so we get the easy win I'm
just going to dig out one's heal up and
then we'll run in and we'll fight
against That Rock Tunnel hiker this guy
now he's basically just going to be a
matter of okay how do how do we do with
the water gun cuz I don't think we need
to rap on him he's he's the only guy who
can stop us from rapping he's just so
hard guys he's just so hard he stops us
from
rapping
there we go so we've made it to the
legend himself self-destruct the boy but
guess
what I know the water
gun oh he's getting wrecked oh no we're
dropping frames no try this
again so sorry stream died apparently
we're going to try this again we're
going to see if we can get anything to
actually work here
I have two theories I have one theory
that my internet
throttles so like as I'm streaming just
suddenly the internet throttles down and
then I can't get the frame rate that I
need in order to stream that's one the
other theory is that there's an issue
with my overlay that's messing things up
so I just want to double check how far I
was actually able to record previously
so here we're going going to actually
pause the timer here 2953 we've clearly
lost a couple minutes there but let's
just
check on the state of
things as I said I am recording so
everything that I've done should also be
recorded on my local machine so I can
put this all together after the fact and
post it up for the channel
members but we just have to figure out
you know if it's actually necessary to
do
so sorry I have to watch a commercial to
watch my own video
rip okay so it died back around when I
was talking about the
bicycle oh no you guys are going to miss
my my wonderful commentary about
bicycles and uh so we didn't get the
start of this section in the
Stream granted let me just double check
that it was in in fact recorded on my
local
machine yeah so everything up to this
point was recorded on my local machine
so I should just be able to throw this
together and throw it up on the channel
but I'm going to have to mess a little
bit more with my settings to see if I
can get this to work as a live stream
without just dropping
out I'm basically 5050 between it's
something with my setup and something
with my internet we're just going to
have to figure out which it actually is
okay but there we go we have
successfully completed the Rock Tunnel
hiker and we can make our way through
the Section let me just uh restart the
timer here on
this there we go so yeah lost a couple
minutes to uh kind of messing around
there and the stream just
dying I need to get better internet that
is the problem and I live in a super old
apartment here in Japan so it's not like
they have great internet setup here like
this is a 30s something year old
apartment so you kind of get the
internet that you get especially out
here in the Japanese Countryside it's
one of the reasons I haven't done as
many live streams as I really wanted to
like I wanted to get to the habit of
like a live stream per week plus a video
per week but I just haven't been able to
do it because the internet is too
unreliable it's kind of sad kind of sad
I'm just going to say but here we go
let's just progress this run I'm just
going to keep an eye on the stream heal
see how it goes maybe now we just get
all the way to the end maybe the
internet just cut out one time and now
it's just good to go I am now on a
actual you know land cable connection to
the wall you know or to the router
rather but it still just seems to be
kind of spotty I have times where the
internet internet just completely seems
not to work oh and I'm not riding a
bicycle what is this nonsense
no so here we'll just grab that Elixir
we're going to pop up here we're going
to cycle right on
over and let's get access to Ice Beam
just cuz we
can just because we
can so we'll grab two freshwaters right
there and let's get that Ice Beam very
good so with that being done we can also
run downstairs this is the only part
where I turn on wild Pokemon so that I
can catch a wild flying Pokemon every
other hm user you can simply get just by
you know catching or just by getting
gift Pokemon rather it's only the flying
one that you have to
catch so Overworld yes yes yes yes
encounter
rates he let's unlock those encounter
rates very
quickly and now we should be able to run
right up here oh and look at the dooo
yes you want to join the team I know you
do great ball oh come
on oh what is this nonsense the doo he's
not cooperating we're going to go buy
more Great Balls we're going to have the
greatest of balls for this guy oh it's
this guy yes this guy he says take my
great balls we're going to say all right
here's money for your great balls buddy
oh man oh
sorry it's it's a sad day when you when
you use two two great balls and you
still can't get the action from a dooo
so here we go we've got a spearo instead
let's Chuck some great balls at this one
he's trying to mirror move he's trying
to throw the great ball back at
us and I never understood pokeballs
being like a one use item like wouldn't
you throw the Pokeball and fail and then
just go pick it up I don't know it just
self-destructs the second that it
doesn't catch the
Pokemon somebody somebody enlighten me
what's the
lore so here we're going to teach fly to
our spearo let's go ahead and fly back
to good old sadon
city and here we can put some items in
the PC real quick we don't want to get a
bunch of messages about not being able
to pick up items things like that Lord
Dome sorry not necessary SS ticket not
necessary we've already tot cut oh I put
the bike in the PC again
[Music]
no GG rip into the in run oh and I took
out the dome fossil wait wait did we
take out Lord
Dome yes we
did put the dome fossil in the PC
immediately take it out rby Pokemon
challenges greatest solo challenge
runner in history
clearly clearly
obviously I know what I am if you know
you know come
on so here I am going to get the coin
case here because there is a chance that
we'll want to buy the hyperbeam TM but
here we're just going to uh run on over
to Erica's gym I want to just try this
one time I think what we do is we learn
Ice Beam over bubble over over water gun
in the light game I think Ice Beam is
going to be super useful so I'm just
going to learn it right here that will
be our second TM but then we just simply
wrap these Pokemon into a range and then
we just destroy them with the ice beams
let's
[Music]
go oh yeah and it's back to just
dropping frames
okay so stream died yet
[Music]
again so here I'm just going to start
recording again and I'm just going to
record the rest of this I'll do a
separate test stream again after messing
with some settings let's see if we can
get something to work here so here we're
just going to wrap on this
execute oh and look at that like we
barely even needed the Ice Beam at the
end but here we go we've made it in
front of Erica let's see if we can just
beat her right
away
oops Erica's freaking out
there we
go I have a a way to make Erica Not
freak out but you
know there is some some nonsense here
even with the overlay so yeah anyway
here we go we have made it to Erica I'm
going to wrap her spaghetti
noodles and we're just going to get it
down in a Range where I think that Ice
Beam can one shot it from there and Ice
Beam
nice now weeping Bell
get wrapped oh and look it has so much
less defense than the tangla so now we
can wrap on the Gloom oh your gloomy
flower just getting wrapped and maybe
Ice Beam here oh easy win yes oh we've
just destroyed Erica she had no shot
guys no shot whatsoever so here I'm just
going to save the game one time let's go
ahead and fly back
here actually just so that we can heal
really quickly and then we'll go take on
the rocket
Hideout so here we are we have made it
to Team Rockets
Hideout we'll grab a 100 coins right
there we'll just grab random coins
behind people because that's clearly how
this all works you know if you want
coins just stand behind a guy and just
hold down pull down the a button you'll
eventually get all their coins because
uh you know when people drop coins on
the floor you're not supposed to give
them back to them what what kind of
person gives back coins that they found
on the floor come on you take those
coins clearly this is this is how it's
meant to be and uh I guess we start just
trying to get money for hyperbeam
because we can you know like it's going
to take forever but if we get hyperbeam
in the late game that's pretty much
going to be our strategy it's going to
be just wrap things and hyperbeam them
wrap things hyperbeam
the only place we can't do that is
against Agatha of course that's where
we're still going to need our special
moves but outside of that W hyperbeam
rap hyperbeam I would take hyperbeam
over leer at this point just
saying okay so there we go we can come
fight this guy by the poster and I'm
just going to keep rapping oh you can
quick attack that's fine you get wrapped
and here Zubat like yes I know that we
should should Ice Beam it but rap does
the job perfectly fine so here we go we
can go
downstairs and we're just going to grab
this guy right here and then let's pop
up here
yes oh and I've got the mouse pointer on
rip
no everybody unsubscribe this guy's got
a mouse pointer on top of his
stuff oh no
that is not what I wanted to
do
okay oh
[Music]
rip oh God sorry slight backtrack
guys I accidentally ran into a trainer
had to uh
reset because we want to stay on minimum
battle come
on that's what this is all about so uh
we're going to have to refight some guys
we're going to have to re pick up all
our
coins so here let's get some free coins
from these guys
yes and here we can just uh keep picking
up Rando
coins just be like yes all the coins
please all the coins
please
okay
so I think we go downstairs and I think
we just pick up like all the items so
that we can get more coins so that we
can get closer to getting the hyperbeam
it's basically my strategy basically my
game plan let's see if it
works so we're just going to sit here
and hold a a we're going to have to take
a couple more resets because it's going
to count optional battles I'm just going
to offset them with resets
here and obviously the time is a little
messed up because I keep looking over to
try to see if everything's streaming
okay if everything's recording
okay just not sure what the exact cause
of the stream problems
is but here we go let's just wrap again
on this guy and he goes hyper Fang and
quick attack good job good job buddy but
now we just destroy Zubat we get a
Revenge yes so here we can push that
button there we can come right here and
grab the HP up
and now let's make our way down
downstairs now we could fight the Machop
guy and get
another rare or another nugget plus get
access to the double- EDG TM but we're
like I said trying to stay on minimum
battles I really want to know how far we
go on minimum battles with this setup
just because it's kind of ridiculous if
we don't have to take any optional
battles to beat the game that would be
stupid and I would love it just saying
right now stupid and I would love
it so there we can get the lift key
we're going to come here we're going to
get the rare candy and now we're just
going to zip kind of over here where now
we can just progress progress in the
game so here we can grab that nugget
nice we don't need the Moonstone but we
will get the TM for horn drill but we've
run out of space in our bag so let's
come over here and sell these items that
we do not need so I'm going to
sell first off these potion full restore
Max potion they just give decent
money then we can sell the great balls
now cuz we already have
a Pokemon to do that we've got the
Nugget to sell we've got tm2 to sell got
an HP up to
sell I think this is all fine after that
okay so let's cycle back over here to
the Rocket game corner where we can get
the horn yeah we can get horn drill horn
drill could always be a strat with this
Pokemon keep in mind cuz one hit KO move
and with agility we can guarantee that
we outspeed things so I'll actually keep
horn drill in the bag just as a
possibility that could be another way to
potentially get through a tough opponent
that is otherwise completely destroying
us is just horn drill them
you know like agility plus horn drill
kind of broken guys just
saying so here we can make our way over
here like let's go down here let's get a
hyper potion while we're at it just cuz
we can and it's time for Jesse and James
let's see how these two go and I should
just reset right here to get rid of
these what is calling optional battles
even though they're not actually
optional battles
[Music]
yes so here let's uh just reset one time
just to get that optional battle
off there we
go and now downstairs time for Jesse and
James let's
go so Jesse and James round one here
just going to wrap I'm just going to
wrap wrap him oh look at the damage yes
and here Meowth oh Meowth is still
faster but it does have the defense so
it just gets wrecked and we can wrap on
ekins oh look at that easy win so we've
completely destroyed that section we can
grab an iron right there which also will
give us good money I'm just going to
drop a super potion here don't even
think we need to drop the hyper potion
let's save the game let's fight
Giovani so here Giovani round one I'm
going to set up agility first just cuz I
want to make sure that I outspeed when
we get to the Persian oh I didn't need
need to wrap this one I don't think Ice
Beam easy win here will ice beam easy
win and now Persian get wrapped yes oh
yes get wrapped oh easy Victory against
Giovani there and we can go ahead and
pick up the sil scope and dig right on
out of here so now I'm going to open up
saffron very quickly and then we'll make
our way over
to deal with the situation in last
laender but let's just get the psychic
TM too cuz we can sell it for more money
and we just want to get money so that we
can get hyperbeam that is the entire
game
plan cuz I'm just going to be interested
to see how strong our hyperbeam is at
this point and I mean we haven't really
had any tough spots like we've had a
couple where sure like maybe it's a
little questionable but nothing hard
hard so we should just be able to keep
progressing and keep destroying and keep
enjoying this stupid
run so here we go Swift yes give me the
Swift teum and here we're just going to
cycle up
north and
okay we're here for rival number two
let's go or rival four what am I talking
about rival two we're here for rival
four let's go so here I'm going to set
up agility first because we can get some
badge boost and we can just Ice Beam
there but he did growl at me which was
kind of bad oh and I'm out of pp no rip
and we have to Ice Beam on
shelder oh look at it get two hit though
and there ice beam and I guess we're
just going to keep spamming the ice
beams because we've wrapped way too much
guys just too much
wrapping you know even our Dragonite he
just can't rap that hard guys he just
can't keep rapping so
much so here we go let's Let's uh cycle
right on over here let's go upstairs to
deal with these channelers where
fortunately we have ice beam you would
always need to learn a TM with this
Pokemon just to take on these channelers
if nothing else so here Ice Beam the
night shades Ice Beam easy win Ice Beam
another Nightshade but the Ice Beam will
finish it off easy easy
Victory so here we will pick up the HP
up so we can sell that for money we'll
get another Elixir we're going to get
the Nugget that's on this floor and then
we should just be getting at least
closer to the amount of money that we
need for
hyperbeam so here we go let's fight this
Channeler now and here we'll Ice Beam it
and Ice Beam it nice easy win here let's
take on this one more ice beam action
this is the only spot where we really
just can't rrap guys ghosts they they
just just have no respect for rap
game okay so here we've made it to
ghosty mama where I'm going to WAP her
oh yeah I'm going to show her my
wrapping abilities she's going to be
like I'm going to tail whip at you but
there we go you know she's shaking her
tail feather right
there now we've made it up to Jesse and
James at the top of the tower let's just
see how they go I'm going to go a
agility first let's set up all three
agilities oh and we get growled at rip I
knew it was a bad idea to go for the
agilities but we still knock out meow
nice ekins get wrapped
buddy just a couple wraps does the job
there and onto the wheezing bulky as it
is we're rapping and we're just too good
at rapping guys this wheezing never
stood a
chance oh that's stupid stupid stupid
but there we go we've made it
through rapper he's just too strong
guys so here I think we should go to Sil
go let's just go try to fight our rival
because I think this is kind of
hilarious and we might just be able to
beat him with agility and WAP strats
that would be stupid but that would be
hilarious to me at least I know
everybody else is like dude this is
already the stupidest run
ever but you know we're going to keep
rapping until we can't rap no more
oh no we get paralyzed no it's okay easy
win so now let's go ahead and dig out of
here let's heal
up and what we want to do is just go
back over there we're not going to gain
any levels we're not going to use any
rare candies at this point we're purely
going for the wrap
strats so here we'll just uh set that
one up protein right there normally we
would want to slam the protein of
course but here let's just make it to
this floor very
nice save the game we're going to try to
wrap guys yes let's out wrap the
Rival so here I'm going to set up
agility first oh the slash did so much
damage but there we get the
freeze oh yes we have all the agilities
now and now we're just going to wrap him
down we're going to take revenge for him
using that slash on us now we miss and
Aurora beam destroys us so we need
really good accuracy on the cloy clearly
if we're not going to change our move
set so here I'm going to Ice Beam
again and just one agility is probably
enough and then let's just ice beam and
win now
wrap the issue is that Closter has
really really good defense so we're not
doing that much like six damage per hit
basically so we kind of need to not miss
a single WP
there so this is like the first actually
hard battle of the entire run okay he
poisons things he poisons things he
slashes but now we've got all the
agility set up so we've got better
ranges and here we can just Ice Beam
this one down cool here we'll
wrap so the only Advantage there is that
by setting up the agilities we have a
higher attack stat because we have a
badge boost but we're clearly not doing
enough so I'm going to go instead and
try to take on
Koga the advantage we have against Koga
is with agility we can
outspeed against his venomoth and then
we should be able to just get the wrap
strats to work I'm sure of it I'm
confident I believe I have the belief
guys the faith that we're going to get
this done so of course Snorlax we don't
even need to mess with that
guy you know he's nothing nothing I
say so there we can grab another rare
candy let's just run
south and I don't know like we're
finally reaching the point where it like
most players would get up on rap here
they would just be like okay we're done
rapping because we're clearly just not
doing enough damage and that's fine but
what I found in the last run when I was
doing this was that the best strategy
against Giovani was actually to wrap his
Pokemon into ranges and then knock them
out just because they do too much
damage and even here we have to keep in
mind that we're going to be dealing with
some things that do a lot of damage
damage particularly we're going to be
dealing with uh the fact that we're weak
to fighting so he's going to be using
things like double kick against us in
that
fight so here let's backtrack a little
bit because we need to get some items as
well and see if we can just get enough
money to get the hyperbeam TM at this
point oh
rip no I went the wrong way
where did I save
though okay I saved at rival 5 so we'll
just dig out of here again let's just
redo this section see guys not a
speedrunner do I have to say it again
I'm not a
speedrunner but here we'll sell a bunch
of items let's just get rid of stuff
that we don't need hey protein we don't
need I don't believe we learned Swift so
we'll just get rid of
that um nuggets
HP
up here I don't even need the antidote
in the bag I don't think so here let's
just go out let's see how we're doing as
far as Casino
coins so let's just talk to this guy
let's just Spam some Casino coins we're
not quite there we're not going to get
to 5,500 just yet so we're going to just
have to grind at this for a
[Music]
minute
there we
[Music]
go so this is just like the most tedious
part of this whole thing obviously I
just have an auto a on my controller in
order to get through this but you know I
mean you can do however you guys want
this is just how I roll out way a way a
way a
way but yeah we're going to get to two
about 4,000 some here we still need a
bit more money to get to 5,500 which is
what we need for
hyperbeam I just think that hyperbeam
will help a lot in this run so that's
why we're going to kind of just go for
it as soon as we
can in fact I know where there's another
nugget here in the
underground so we just need to zp back
over here nice there's the Nugget and
now let's cycle down once again to
koga's gym let's go like if I take a
different route than I usually take this
is when I tend to accidentally run into
trainers because I'm so used to taking
the same route to go down south you know
and to pick up the items and whatnot so
sometimes when I don't do that same
route I I mess up
rip this is why you just kind of
memorize certain routes as you do a lot
of these solo
runs
so there we can get
that and here let's just keep going up
till we get the pp up come on come on
where's the pp
up there it is yes we got the pp up guys
so now we can run south let's jump back
on our bicycle again we're trying to
stay on minimum battles here as much as
we possibly can I am going to put items
in the PC again that we don't need
so card o we still need the card key Rip
but Poke Flute no longer necessary Sil
scope no longer necessary the lift key
is no longer
necessary yeah so here let's just
withdraw the part card key
here okay now I'm actually going to make
my way to the Safari Zone because we
should be able to get enough money at
this point to get to high hyperbeam just
by going through thear
zone so here we'll talk to this guy
we'll pay some
money and let's just start grabbing
items left and right there's carbos
those are like 4,800 when we sell them
there's a Max potion there's TM 37 like
there's just so many TMS and items full
restore right there that can be sold for
decent amounts of money we'll need full
restores in the late game but at this
point they're not actually
necessary uh what's this skull bash
right
protein there are gold
teeth no more room for items rip so
we're actually going to dig out one
time and we're going to go sell these
[Music]
items okay here we go here we go
yes give me all the money
yes tm40 garbage carbos garbage full
restore who needs it oh egg bomb Max
potion we also have a nugget yes give me
all the money
yes so now let's fly back to Celadon
let's just see I don't know we might
have enough money right here it depends
on exactly how many coins we had
okay not quite enough not quite enough
cuz we would have needed 20K would have
been enough to get us there if we had
coins it's not going to be enough from
here we're over 5,000 though we're over
5,000 yes so we just need a little bit
more a little bit more ever so slightly
more so here let's come over here and
give the warden his team
[Music]
teeth and we can go ahead and teach hm4
to Squirtle he can do a job nice push
that Boulder there we go rare
candy and now let's just cycle over here
and this Pokemon Yellow we don't
technically need enough money to even go
into the Safari Zone we can just keep
trying to go
in they'll eventually let us
in
oh we had enough money
rip I didn't want to have enough money I
wanted to just Spam my way in they're
like oh yeah you can't progress in the
game if you have no money
rip the the problem with putting
necessary items behind a pay
wall you know loot box guys
basically so here we go we can get the
double team TM we can come over here and
talk to this guy get
hm3 let's now dig on out of
here and let's fly back to
fusa save the game let's go fight these
traders in koga's
[Music]
gym all right so here we go we've got
two required jugglers in here we're
going to make quick work of them with
WAP strats so I'm going to agility once
agility twice well I mean if he's going
to keep swapping oh no he disabled rap
no I'm going to Ice Beam you out of
spite for disabling my
rap I wanted to rap guys I wanted to rap
and we're just staying disabled forever
okay we're finally not disabled wrap yes
wrap him oh look at the cabber go down
oh look at The Drowsy go down oh we
missed the WAP he disables Ice Beam
perfectly fine easy
Victory no problems whatsoever we're
about to level up right here too this is
perfect perfect I say let's come fight
this guy against whom we can I think
just start rapping I don't even think we
need the agilities here I think we're
faster already than Hypno we are so he
swaps back to his drowsy and gets
knocked out and now the Hypno can just
come out and get wrapped oh he goes
confusion no he disabled agility even
worse but there we go easy win oh this
this whole section is just just stupidly
easy against those trainers at least so
here we go now let's just see if we're
getting close enough that we might be
able to sell items and get to the point
of buying our hyperbeam because I'd like
the hyperbeam here I think it's the way
to go okay we get rid of that while
we're at it we don't really need that TM
we can always get it again so cool we'll
keep our other TMS bubble beam
and uh Thunderbolt but we'll get rid of
horn drill we won't go horn drill strats
in this one I guess even though it might
be the best Strat who
knows so here oh yes look at that 5,500
coins so we can pop right over here
we're going to go all the way to this
window tm15 hyperbeam we're going to
learn that over Lear is the
strategy so now the strategy on a lot of
these fights is wrap them into the range
and then hyperbeam them down so I want
to see how strong hyperbeam is so I'm
going to test it out right here in this
fight as we go up against
Koga I just want to see if we can one
shot a vinat or something let's go
so Kaa round one he going to come in
he's going to be all ninja likee you
know he's like I am the ninja I know I
know what I'm doing don't question me I
killed Ash's
Pidgeotto nice so here we go let's just
hyperbeam oh we
missed so that is a one hit ko.
hyperbeam not quite a one hitter right
there we do need an agility no matter
what because we're gonna need to
outspeed at the end so we're gonna lose
this first one oh he ex attacks never
mind so there we can do that now we can
wrap on this one we're just trying to
get his health down a little bit so that
hopefully the hyperbeam can just wreck
from there hyperbeam yes okay now we
were outsped by or we outsped but we
missed against the venomoth okay so here
we've learned some stuff we've learned
some useful stuff we're going toil right
here we're going to just set up all the
agilities get a special drop which isn't
great but now we should just be able to
hyperbeam there and with the badge boost
I think we just hyperbeam against these
venats yes so now we level up to level
33 but I'm just interested to see he oh
he goes for the leech life and we just
knock him out the next turn with
hyperbeam oh Kaa you never had a chance
so I'm going to reset to get that
optional battle off the overlay it's
just you know just a thing with when
I've already fought a trainer once it
puts them in a finished column and then
if they're already finished then it
wants to say like oh if you fight them
again that's an optional battle I have
to figure out how to how to fix that so
that it works the way I want it to sorry
that was the chair not
me anyway I think we go back I think we
fight our arrival again I'm ready for
Revenge now that we've got the
hyperbeam but I don't know maybe it's
better to go fight against uh
Blaine I don't know I have no no answers
only only ideas but no
answers anyway we have made it this far
on minimum battles which is kind of
hilarious you know like I think
Charizard can beat the game on minimum
battles the dragon Charizard right maybe
Dragon cedra could get really lucky and
get there but yeah this might be the
second one that legit does minimum
battles so here we go rival number
two it's just Ice Beam him oh he sand
attacks that is not what we wanted to
see okay but we do Wrap
here we're hitting
wraps and then we just have to remember
that hyperbeam is like quite a bit
stronger than wrap but the accuracy
drops were the problem but hyperbeam is
effectively 10 wraps so if you have a
situation where it would take fewer than
10 wraps to get through an opponent then
you simply go for the
hyperbeam so right we can see right
there we did six damage so if we get
this below 60 HP then we should simply
hyperbeam at that point to knock it out
there we go now the Magnemite or
Magneton comes out you're just going to
hyperbeam here
nice Kadabra disables wrap but we
hyperbeam it yes hyperbeam on the
Flareon oh look at the damage oh the
Rival he just got wrecked oh the
hyperbeam is too strong here on minimum
battles
even you know he can disable rap we
don't
care oh my
goodness so here we're just rapping
we're just rapping because we can Ice
Beam right there we can learn slam guys
we're not going to learn slam who learns
slam when you got hyperbeam come
on so there we go easy win right
there and we're going to just wrap this
Meowth to death very
good so here we need to get more PP in
hyperbeam and in fact we should PP up
hyperbeam because we know this is going
to be the move going forward for most of
the Run
there we go so now we can save the game
let's go ahead and open this door it's
time to fight
Giovani so here he's going to want to
like double kick on us so I think we
just hyperbeam one shot hyperbeam one
shot here is where I'm finally going to
agility up just so that we have a little
bit more power when we get to needle
Queen let Ice Beam right there we oh we
leveled up anyway rip but here let's
just uh drop some wraps on her
okay now I think hyperbeam just cleans
up yes oh look at how easy that was the
hyperbeam Strat is too strong too strong
stab hyperbeam on a Dragonite oh this
would just have broken the entire game
just imagine them trying to balance the
game with an agility wrap hyperbeam ice
beam or blizzard Dragonite like
this Pokemon would just be truly god
tier like it would be ubber for sure
would be right up there with the Mewtwo
and whatnot cuz it's only it doesn't
have a four times weakness anymore keep
that in mind so it's not like you know
everything would be one-shotting
it so here we go let's go ahead and try
waiu
Sabrina so here I think we're just going
to spam some hyper beams like we might
need to use an agility after the Abra
but we just want to knock the Abra out
as quick as possible maybe we get a
flash Miss maybe she just misses the
Flash and that's the way to go there she
missed flash now hyperbeam nice yes
hyperbeam yes oh come on oh we missed
the first hyperbeam now I'm now I'm
going to wrap this Alakazam here CH X
defended the alexam the reflect I think
no reflect just means that we auto win
here we're just going to wrap it into a
nice little range and hyperbeam oh waifu
never had a chance no damage
dorm you know oh the normal
Dragon like he he looks like his name
could be
Norm but we've just completely destroyed
yet another gem we're going to come say
hi hi to Mom we're just going to say
we've got the most powerful Pokemon in
history mom we never need to come home
again we're we're clearly better than
everyone oh man this is stupid stupid
minimum battles up to this point has
just been
ridiculous so I don't know we might want
to learn surf instead of Ice Beam like
you might be thinking about like Lance
in advance and whatnot but
really we just want to coverage move
that will knock out rocks so the rideon
just getting wrecked by surf might be
better but I don't know blizzard we've
got blizzard here so we could learn that
TM as well if it helps us we just have
to kind of keep up with this same
strategy though really we'd rather have
Thunderbolt in order to take out things
like Closter take out things like uh
Lapras Etc that's why when I did the
dragon Mew I gave it the Thunderbolt
because I thought it was more important
to have coverage against the Pokemon
that could actually KO us but uh
yeah still makes the
fight against Giovani fairly tough so
here let's just get to Blain
boy and we can easily get through there
easily get through there easily get
through
there we're just going to answer that
here we go tomb Stoner and we've made it
to Blain yes oh look at
this so Blaine of course he's going to
come out he's going to be all like you
can't resist my fire type Pokemon we're
going to say actually we do resist your
fire type Pokemon agility wrap hyperbeam
I think that's the Strat let's
go hopefully we don't get confused so
here he Flame or and gets a critical hit
turn one and then he goes for quick
attack twice and gets a crit and knocks
us out are you kidding me come on he
just like crit everything there so let's
try round two so flamethrower that's a
normal Flame thower now he goes confuse
Ray which kind of sucks but now we can
hopefully start rapping yes let me wrap
you and I think this is a range where we
can just hyperbeam nice see if we can
just hyperbeam here oh yes we get the
one shot now we've leveled up and we
don't have badge boost so this is where
we're going to go back into the wrap
strats for a
minute think we've got him in a Range oh
yes Blaine when we don't get just like
stupid Critical Hits we take out Blaine
easily on the second attempt so one
reset there really not too bad like it
shows 16 resets but keep in mind some of
those were just because of the overlay
showing more optional battles than
they're actually were we're golden we're
golden here this is too easy too too
easy so here let's just make our way up
into giovan's gemm where against this
this ryhorn we're just going to Ice Beam
it of course we can't really wrap there
here let's save the game let's come and
fight oh and we have to take one reset
again just to offset the random optional
battle that counted on
Blaine but here we
go let us wrap you we will we will wrap
you
yes so here let's just do that here just
going to keep wrapping on this Macho or
Machop here I guess hyperbeam it how
much damage does hyperbeam do against
this Machoke oh yeah it's just a one
hitter I should just be hyper beaming
things at this point I I keep wanting to
use WAP just because I'm enjoying
rapping so
much but you know there's a lot of spots
where the play is to go hyperbeam just
hyperbeam and
win okay so here now we can make our way
to Giovani still on minimum battles
still with no major issues in this run
let's see how he
goes so obviously Giovani is going to
outspeed us with the Doug Trio and with
the Persian unless we use some agilities
and he can use fissure and just get a
one hit ko. he can also use things like
sand attack so let's see so first turn
here I'm going to actually use agility a
couple times I want to get the speed and
then hyperbeam should just one shot the
Doug Trio hyperbeam on Persian also a
one hit ko. I do not expect it to one
shot here against the Neo
Queen so remember that hyperbeam is
basically 10 wraps so once we get him in
a Range where we can pretty clearly
see like you know there's one two three
four
five so I think hyperbeam will just yes
take it out from there now the question
is how do we do here ice beam and we
just one hit KO on the rideon so very
nice we get through Giovani on the first
attempt no difficulties
whatsoever minimum battles all the way
up to this point stab on normal is just
completely op on this Pokemon when you
consider like minimum battles we're not
like level grinding to get better ranges
we haven't used any rare candies no
we're just crushing now let's take on
our rival rival
six so here in this one I think we want
to wrap here
first and uh let's just kind of get him
in a Range maybe Ice Beam knocks him out
from there yes here execute I think we
Ice Beam nice now cloer we have to go
into the wrap strats let's see so two
hits have done yeah
about what 22 so 11 damage per hit
here so
[Music]
right so 10 wraps is
about we should be able to hyperbeam oh
we don't quite get the range there so we
lose okay we needed to do just a couple
more hits there with that okay so here
I'm just going to wrap this one
once no badge boost but there ice beam
finishes that one off cool ice beam here
does not quite one shot but it is a two
hit ko.
cool now we know that we need him a
little less than like maybe 60 HP to get
through this one with the hyperbeam so
there we've got him down around half
hyperbeam should finish that one off it
does Magneton let's just see not quite a
one hitter
okay so here we'll try to land a wrap
we're getting
confused okay but we get through right
there reflect but hyperbeam just one
shots the Kadabra yes and we're no
longer confused hyperbeam just misses
the range on the Flareon we'll just
knock it out with Ice Beam easy
win so yet again I mean it's a little
bit luck based there but not super duper
luck based not like oh my God you know
we we have to reset like 50 times no
like just figuring out the r R there is
all that that really takes so now we can
make our way up to Victory Road we will
go to the power plant as well just to
get some items but I think we've got
this guys I think we've got this I think
we're going to beat the game on minimum
battles that is now my prediction
because we still haven't used any rare
candies up to this point we have the
agility strats we got to remember that
this is Pokemon Yellow so dong is not
just going to use Aurora beam it will
mix things up so we should be be able to
like damage it once and then get it to
use rest on turn two so even just
hitting it with like an ice beam should
be enough to just get it to rest on turn
two and then at least a decent
percentage of the time and then once we
get it to rest we'll have the ability to
set up our agilities so that we
guarantee that we outspeed even the
Jinx and then from there I mean it's
just a matter of
okay you know what do we want to do
right do we want to hyperbeam do we want
to WP how many wraps do we need you know
but this this lur life fight will be
most likely I'm just guessing the most
luck based fight in the entire
run but keep in mind it's less luck
based than if we were here with a normal
Dragonite since a single ice move would
basically kill us we might be able to
still survive like one Aurora beam or
something like that so let's find
out okay so there we go we get past that
trainer we can get right over here let's
just go
downstairs here I've saved the game just
in case and oops uh strength right
there cool cool cool cool cool oh this
is just
ridiculous oh man this is too much
F I just love minimum battles guys like
I don't know how other people really
feel about the minimum battles format
but for me this is like the most fun way
to play the game because when you're on
minimum battles especially when you're
just sweeping up like this it tells you
just how strong this Pokemon really is
it's on zero DBS it's on minimum battles
and yet it's somehow managing to just
crush the entire
game
[Music]
sorry about that just checking some
things on the back end really quickly
just making sure that I I'm sitting here
bragging about beating the game on zero
GVS and I always get nervous that I
don't actually have zero DVS so I need
to add something to the overlay that
just shows the DVS you know what I'm
saying or like a mode I've already done
this with some other things but
something that gives me a mode a button
that I can press that just shows the DVS
of the different stats would be kind of
cool you know it would it would clarify
things too when people say what DVS are
you using just press the button like a d
button or something and be like zero DVS
clearly you know so uh yeah let's go
ahead and dig out from here now it's
time to just put everything else in the
PC we don't need them Charmander
Squirtle spearo you've done your jobs
guys let's go ahead and buy as many full
restores as we can because we just don't
know we may end up having the blackout
grind here going to try not to we still
haven't used any rare candies we're
coming in at level 4 2 let's just see
the stats real quick so at level 42
we've got 137 HP 127 attack 94 defense
81 speed 98 in special we've got the
wrap hyperbeam ice beam and Agility
going on here let's see if this turns
out to be
enough so here round one against
lorai oh God this is the scary one this
is the one that I'm nervous about this
is the one where you probably do need
need extra battles to make this one
consistent but we're going to try it so
here we are lur attempt number one I'm
just going to ice Beamer turn one she
Aurora beams but I'm really hoping that
she'll rest turn two yes yes let me set
up yes now you can get wrapped but we
get wrecked we need all the wraps to hit
if we had X accuracy here this would be
just completely broken at this point but
we do not so ice beam Aurora beam
agility rest nice rest yeah keep
resting and we just missed the wp oh
man so let's just see how much damage a
hyperbeam does here just for the sake of
you
know whatever so I'm still going to Ice
Beam I'm still hoping that she rests
here nope she does not it's a 40% chance
that she will not use the smart move and
when she doesn't use it it's an 80%
chance on turn two that she uses
rest I've done the math guys I've
studied this oh no she got an attack
drop on us even I think that's G to the
G
already so this is hyperbeam with an
attack drop but we got the critical hit
there so
now the question is just how many wraps
do we have to hit keeping in mind that
our attacks been dropped once before we
were able to set up the badge boost
so here we are going to get through
cloer hyperbeam yes okay so level 43
comes in now we've lost any badge boost
that we would have had
anyway so we're just trying to set up
here and we get a psychic after any
Amnesia
okay so I think we're in a logical spot
to go for some rare candies I'm still
going to try this just one more time
without without the hopefully without
the attack
drop and there we just get critical hit
critical hit one
shot okay so let's just try this again
no attack drop please no attack drop
please he now rest no come on
rest it's really going to be like a what
maybe like a 32% chance that she uses
rest turn two against
us there we get the attack drop so we
can't even keep that one oh no rip
no I started a new
[Music]
game where is my game there is my game
yes okay so here I think we might be in
a position to start rare candying you
know I mean we're obviously underleveled
at this point so I'm going to go up to
level 45 first we will not learn Dragon
rage
no oops I went to 46 but I think this is
fine let's just try this battle
here so we're going to get the lowai
intro again just because I had to reset
the entire overlay you know it happens
oh she's glitching out there we go there
is a way to stop her from glitching out
but I need to figure that out as well
okay but here we go first things first
we're going to once again Ice Beam here
she goes rest immediately so we get to
agility
here and let's just go for the wrap
strats
now okay she aora beams there and she
gets the attack drop which is kind of
bad but with a couple of agility set up
she did less than half so now cloer
let's just wrap
it obviously we would be in a better
situation if we were using like
Thunderbolt here but I think this is
fine hyperbeam doesn't get the range
okay it's because of the attack drop if
we didn't have the attack drop we would
have one shot there with the hyperbeam
at that
point so here Ice Beam she goes rest
okay agility
agility start
wrapping
I think just a couple wraps here is
enough and then hyperbeam so we avoid
the attack drop this time and now we
just need to get this one down around
halfish so it hits an ice beam as we
miss two wraps in a row that is the
problem with the strategy obviously is
that we just don't have any good way to
avoid getting hit repeatedly there we
get an attack
drop but I think this more comes comes
down to the fact that
we we just have such high chances to
miss at different points in the
fight okay agility
agility just cannot get the rest
there like I said 40% chance that she
just ignores type Effectiveness with
this dong There She Goes bubble beam
okay agility agility agility this time
we get three agilities set up
see if hyperbeam just does it it does
nice we missed the first WP and we get a
critical hit Ice Beam on that cloer I
know this is possible I know this is
possible to get through at this current
level
even even here at level 42 this should
be possible to get through eventually
agility
agility back to the wraps
now just going to try to hyperbeam her
down very nice start wrapping
here this is kind of a suspect range I'm
just going to do one more WP and there
we go we take down the Closter still on
good health going to the slow bro goes
Amnesia there as we
missed think we got to get this one kind
of in a half Health range as well
hyperbeam will do the job there Jinx
it's just hyperbeam that's an easy one
hit ko. we're all the way to the final
Lapras which is also just super
bulky so we need to get the WAP luck
here here it's down around half Health
hyperbeam yes there we go even without
the rare candies we didn't save after we
used the rare candies we got through we
just need not to get an attack drop
there and just to get the wraps to
connect and do their job so just like
that we are now on to Bruno I'm just
going to reset to get rid of that
optional battle on the overlay and there
we
go so very nice Bruno he's going to come
in here he's going to just be like oh
you can't fight me with your wrapping
strats oh we've got the stronger attack
stat compared to your Machamp buddy oh
let's go so here we don't even really
care about this Onyx so we're just G to
bam agility like sure dig buddy good job
dig dig Ice Beam here on Hitmonchan how
about a hyperbeam here on hitmon Ley how
about another hyperbeam Onyx comes out
we'll just Ice Beam it down and let's
see how we do against Machamp here
hyperbeam one hit KO it was a crit but
we'll take it we're not going to learn
Dragon rage we easily get through that
fight that's stupid so here now is a
spot where we have to get a little bit
of luck
perhaps we're up against Agatha we can
obviously go hyperbeam strats on the
gbat and on the Arbok but for the other
Pokemon we're going to have to knock
them out with special moves and this is
where we might need some rare candies
just to do enough damage we might have
to swap up which move we're using to do
enough damage got ice beam on right now
let's see if we can just get through
with this
setup so there is Agatha she is probably
the scariest Elite Four member at this
point but I think we've got a chance I
think we've got reasonable chances here
if not at this level with the rare
candies let's find out so here we go
Agatha attempt number one I'm actually
going to Ice Beam here just to see the
damage we did third or 28 damage there
so I think this one is like a five or
six hit ko. at this point so here let's
see if we can set up the agility
agility one agility 2 Agility three were
not affected by lick now Ice Beam does a
fair bit more damage the problem is that
she can do things like that where she
uses like substitute Ice Beam does not
quite get her into like a four hit KO
range but we do knock out the first
Gengar okay I'm just going to hyperbeam
on the goldbat that is an easy one
hitter Haunter comes out and the problem
here is just that we're not doing enough
damage so it's a three hitter there
hyperbeam will take out the
Arbok but now we just don't have enough
PP we've only got one attack left so we
just have to reset right there that just
did not work just because it took too
much too many turns so this is where I
think the rare candies come in and make
a lot of sense I'm just going to go hard
on them I'm going to keep like two in
the bag for the
the Lance in the champion
fight so we get all the way up to level
54 right there let's just see how we do
now at this
level so here Agatha round number two
I'm going to ice Beamer first and now
this looks more like a four hit KO range
especially after we get all the agility
set up I think we're going to be fine
here so I'm going to agility right there
let's just Ice
Beam Ice Beam
got a nice crit she doesn't heal there
now we
can go against this Haunter where it's
maybe not quite at two hit KO range
there so here we might just need more PP
we knocked that one out though hyperbeam
here yes hyperbeam here yes onto the
Gengar where we've got three PP in Ice
Beam but we get a special drop
so anything short of a crit we're just
not getting through there so we have to
reset yet
again so one solution here would be to
go for a move that has more PP with the
same damage output so something like
Thunderbolt would make sense something
like surf would make a lot of
sense but the other possibility is to
try to use the pp up here on our Ice
Beam with the logic being that by just
giving it two more PP we might be able
to get through
there so here we know that we want to
agility here no matter what so let's use
the agilities first against the Gengar
we'll hyperbeam here on the gbat when
she swaps now Ice
Beam I mean we might just be able to get
like a three hit range here with the
right luck there she
substitutes which I don't really like I
kind of want her to swap now or to heal
really ideally we want her to swap to
another Pokemon we don't really want her
to have the Whatchamacallit up the
substitute
setup cuz that just takes too many turns
I don't know maybe we've got enough ice
beams here maybe I should have just gone
for
it okay but we knocked that one out
cool here Ice Beam looks like it might
be a two hit KO range there nice
hyperbeam on the Arbok now we've got
five ice beams left as we come to the
final Gengar we get a special drop there
and so yeah we we lost that one I
probably should have just gone all in
trying to knock out that first Gengar
okay we learned we're learning swear to
God we're learning and see lick does
nothing so we actually like getting
licked
here and we get a knock out that Gengar
and three hits this time hyperbeam on
the gbat nice
Ice Beam on the Haunter we don't get the
two hit range it's a three hitter there
but we've still got plenty of pp for the
final Gengar hyperbeam on Arbok and now
we get the critical hit
psychic but oh are we going to get the
range oh we get confused raid and then
psychic oh God we had it so far down if
we just landed one more hit we would
have won if we didn't hit ourselves in
confus fusion and then get psychic oh
that was
terrible okay so let's go back to our
agility spam here he here she goes for
the
substitute but from there can we get the
two hit range oh it's so
close here will hyperbeam on the
goldbat she's just trolling with her
first Gengar though hey Ice
Beam yes we get the two hit range there
with a crit we can knock out Arbok so we
still got five PP in Ice Beam we get put
to sleep by the Gengar and it dream
eaters us though and psychic we're not
waking up there we finally do wake up
but we hit ourselves in confusion and
lose like this is just such a luck based
battle at this point like we should win
a lot of times here and we just
don't come on lick okay she substitutes
so Ice Beam right there is not going to
quite get us a two hit range after the
breaking the substitute we already know
we froze the first Gengar though so here
we can hyperbeam on
gbat this one should be an auto win once
we actually hit a hyper for Ice Beam
here Ice Beam it's going to be a three
hitter there on the
Haunter come on Hyper Beam beam oh here
she changes to Gengar and we freeze the
Gengar yes yes oh let's just destroy her
she's using super potions but we get
through and then we just need the
hyperbeam to hit here on the Arbok there
we go took a few resets but we do manage
to get through
Agatha so again we'll just reset to get
rid of that
extra optional battle there it's on the
Lance we've got the Ice Beam this should
just work let's
see so Lance attempt number one I'm
going to set up the agilities on the
gados because we just got to make sure
that we outspeed that Aerodactyl and we
can one shot it hopefully and then ice
beam should just wreck everything else
but let's see so first things first oh I
didn't even heal oh I didn't even heal
no already rip into
run here Elixir right there let us go
with the full full restore right there
yes save the game and now let's take on
Lany boy
properly so here for Lance attempt
number one I'm going to go agility he
goes Dragon rage he's just going to want
to Dragon rage us with his Gyarados so
here now I think we can wrap this
one and now maybe hyperbeam does it yes
it does so there we leveled up but Ice
Beam just misses the one hit C range on
the dragon air
okay and we get an ice beam that knocks
us out from dragon air number two okay
but I think we understand what's going
on here
basically it might be better to Simply
wrap here though on the first
Gyarados just get it in a range and now
let's hyperbeam and now we should set up
the agilities here on this dragon air
cuz it's going to use slam or hyperbeam
and yes like that hyperbeam critical hit
there there but I think we're going to
be fine we just hyperbeam it back here
let's hyperbeam that one we're going to
be faster than Aerodactyl so let's Ice
Beam nice and on the Dragonite Ice Beam
easy win yes once we know the strategy
we just get through very very easily
there and now we're going into the
champion I'm going to Max Elixir I'm
going to full restore we've got two rare
candies in the bag but let's just go in
at our current level once again we'll
reset we'll get that optional battle off
there it's just counting because we
fought Lance multiple times but here
let's try the
champion so this guy
scary legit scary but I think we've got
the strategy I think we can get through
it's going to be all about the cloer
that's second to last on the team if we
can just get through that I think we
just hyperbeam and just destroy the
Flareon let's find
[Music]
out cuz that's got to be the strategy
right just hyperbeam
Flareon okay so here we go first things
first I'm going to Ice Beam right here
CU if we can ever get the freeze then we
can just get the freeze setup there but
now on Alakazam hyperbeam will just one
shot here I think this is a spot
where once again Ice
Beam ice
beam and Ice Beam and now we don't
really have to worry about much from
Magneton cuz it's just going to use like
Swift and Screech against us and Screech
would just be a badge boosting move
anyway so hyperbeam takes that one down
this is all about the
cloer you know what range can we get on
it I give it another hyperbeam just to
be safe or another wrap just to be safe
hyperbeam and now hyperbeam on the
Flareon oh look at that level 57 minimum
battles are you kidding me oh Dragon
normal Dragonite is just way too op when
you consider that we spend most of that
run using
WAP which is obviously not a fast
strategy so the time
13948 it is what it is this is not
optimized by any means but it's just
hilarious how powerful we become when we
have stab rap and we have stab hyperbeam
oh that was
stupid this Pokémon would be a gen one
competitive Beast if it were in gen one
competitive because there are no super
effective Dragon moves to use against it
and nothing is running fighting moves in
gen
oneou so you're basically just don't
have any real meaningful type weaknesses
you learn one move to take out the
Rocks right so something like a a surf
or something like that agility wrap
hyperbeam broken banned immediately
banned by you know smogen they just no
way smogen does not allow this Pokemon
I'm sure oh man that was stupid that was
stupid
stupid oh man that that's just oh my
god let's register this one in the Hall
of Fame oh level
57 says dragon flying we know it's a
normal dragon Pokemon don't worry about
the game time all that that's just me
playing on five times speed and you know
not even taking this
seriously oh my
god oh Dragon normal it's too op guys
but now we have to answer the greatest
question we know what it is we got to go
and beat up Mewtwo with this one I think
we have the Strat we're going to prove
that this Pokemon would not only be op
it would be Ubers it would be the best
of the best it would be completely
banned from normal normal play gen
oneou not not acceptable for this
Pokemon it might not even be acceptable
for Ubers just band just band add it to
the band list oh
man oh I'm just imagining this Pokémon
in in some sort of competitive setting
oh it just seems too op too op
guys like suddenly things would have to
run like you know uh some sort of like
fighting move set or something just to
threaten this Pokemon at all and even
then it's just like I agility I rap and
I kill
you oh man I love broken things I love
broken things so much guys so here we go
let's just make our way to Mewtwo the
absolute Legend while I make my way here
let me just drop some love for people um
I'm going to pull up the channel members
list of course because I just want to
say thank you to all you guys I'm going
to post this up for you guys first
because you guys just deserve to enjoy
the absolute Carnage that was Dragon
normal
Dragonite Norm
he's just Norm
Norman but he's he's clearly not
normal so here let's save the game let
me pull up my list real quick just to
give some love to
people and uh yeah we'll we'll just
finish this one out I may come back and
do an optimizing run of this or
something but I don't think it needs it
I think it's just already completely
op so here Let's
uh let's put this in order
nice so I'm going to uh put this guy
right here and then let's bring up
OBS let's just
see oh yes there we are
so let's give some love to the channel
members of course coming in right at the
top Zan winter 7 18 months like a year
and a half almost Legend Andrew Palmer
been with me since the very beginning
one of the first people to ever comment
on a video
Legend now Pokemon www
411 MK2 Mark 2 this guy absolute Legend
another 17 monther he drops tons and
tons of knowledge and facts about
Pokemon you're awesome dude thank you
for dropping them I appreciate it I
learned lots of stuff from the things
that you sh there we've got Roy Merkel
15 months also been here a long time
then we got to move down pyro Priestess
e Ro claw mistl psycho Antonis and or
Anderson andonis Deo we've got uh Austin
Jackson constantinos sakas Gabriel
Jackie T the catur Amber felan Bal super
saene derp ellick boltron Cody McKinley
TTC 345 super saiah genene Jared Ros
Cody Smith 73 we've got painted
eyes Kyle Baker Kyle Baker oh my
gosh all of these folks have joined in
the past several months this is just
incredible John Calabro I know is doing
his own stuff John plays go check him
out um who else we got we got uh
omnifarious joined on the live stream
thank you so much omnifarious Mike the
potato joined on the live stream last
time we did it thank you so much chis NN
we've got Dan in and we've got the
newest one it is uh tooa tooo tell me
how to pronounce it but tooo thank you
so much for being here the newest member
literally joined
today you guys are all incredible I just
got to say of course we've got Mist
psycho supporting on patreon anded the
Pokemon Center tier Jared Ros is like
the highest supporter he's here in the
highest tier of the channel membership
and in a very high tier on patreon I
just can't thank you enough and uh super
saene D or super saene derp come on uh
as we kind of mourn the death of Aira
Toyama my super Sai jeans I just got to
say thank you for supporting in that
double team tier it means so much to me
I've got lots of goals for this year
guys I'm ramping up production right now
because the baby's coming in June so
just you know kind of a little life
update I guess baby's coming in June I'm
trying to get videos done all the way
through July so basically a lot of stuff
is going to be pre-recorded prepost all
the way up through July that includes
stuff for you as channel members so just
keep an eye out for that I'm going to be
grinding guys so uh just just stick with
me if there's little delays after the
baby comes just understand with that
being said let's finish this one out
strong
strong guys we are going to do the final
Mewtwo
battle so here we go
Mewtwo oops that's not what I wanted
again I keep opening my video editor by
mistake no no D Vinci resolve go away go
away close the
[Music]
window okay well this is fine fine this
this is all fine everything's fine let's
just fight this Mewtwo let's get this
done so
Mewtwo I am going to use
agility now I'm going to rap because we
outspeed the Mewtwo okay it goes psychic
that hurt but it doesn't like One-Shot
us or anything we're just going to wrap
him down in a Range hyperbeam first
attempt of Victory even Mewtwo cannot
stand up to this Pokemon people are you
kidding me I mean probably a a St or a
uh probably a blizzard would one shot us
from Mewtwo probably got a high enough
special stat but we don't care we've
made it here let's check the final tale
of the tape level 57 look at that attack
stat
172 and then consider that you're
multiplying times 1.5 when you use the
hyperbeam are you kidding me 128 defense
111 speed 133 special we did it on
minimum battles level 57 still two rare
candies in the
bag that's incredible that is just
incredible anyway I had too much fun
with this that is one of my favorite
runs
ever anyway I'll see you guys in the
next one
later
[Music]